Docs for streaming executor options (#18934)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/cudf_polars/engine_options.md

```
Note that passing `chunked: False` disables chunked reading entirely, and thus `chunk_read_limit` and `pass_read_limit` will have no effect.

## Experimental Streaming and Multi-GPU Options

> The new experimental streaming executor can be configured for single-gpu (`synchronous`) or multi-gpu (`distributed`) execution.  For both,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new experimental streaming executor supports both single-GPU (`synchronous`) and multi-GPU (`distributed`) execution.  To use either mode,
```

> we need to specify `streaming` as the `executor` and choose between `synchronous` or `distributed` as the `executor_options["scheduler"]` when calling collect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set the executor to `streaming` and specify the desired scheduler mode in `executor_options["scheduler"]` when calling collect:
```

```python

> executor_options["scheduler"] = "synchronous" # "distributed" for multi-gpu execution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
executor_options = {"scheduler": "synchronous"}  # "distributed" for multi-gpu execution
```

> executor_options = {"scheduler": "synchronous"}  # "distributed" for multi-gpu execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
executor_options = {"scheduler": "synchronous"}  # Use "distributed" for multi-GPU execution
```

> executor = "streaming":

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
executor = "streaming"
```

engine = GPUEngine(

>     executor=run_config.executor,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    executor=executor,
```

    executor_options=executor_options,
)
result = query.collect(engine=engine)
```

> Note: distributed execution requires Dask / Dask-CUDA as a dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Distributed execution requires [Dask](https://www.dask.org/) and [Dask-CUDA](https://docs.rapids.ai/api/dask-cuda/nightly/) to be installed.
```

> Note: distbritubed execution requires Dask / Dask-CUDA as a dependency

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: distributed execution requires Dask / Dask-CUDA as a dependency
```
